1) Java is a general-purpose computer programming language that is concurrent, class-based, object-oriented and specifically designed to have as few implementation dependencies as possible. It is intended to let application developers "write once, run anywhere" (WORA), meaning that compiled Java code can run on all platforms that support Java without the need for recompilation. Java applications are typically compiled to bytecode that can run on any Java virtual machine (JVM) regardless of computer architecture.

C# is also object-oriented language. Like Java, C# provides a number of features to make it easier for a developer to code in this language such as type checking, bounds checking, uninitialized variable checking, and garbage collection.



2) JavaScript is a high level, dynamic, untyped, and interpreted programming language. JavaScript is prototype-based with first-class functions, making it a multi-paradigm language, supporting object-oriented, imperative, and functional programming styles. It has an API for working with text, arrays, dates and regular expressions, but does not include any I/O, such as networking, storage or graphics facilities, relying for these upon the host environment in which it is embedded.


3) Python is better for: ease of learning, cross platform development, availability of open source libraries
C# is better for: standard library, language features, development process and tools, performance, language evolution speed


4) PHP is a common language for webpage design. PHP is designed for rapid website development, and as a result contains features that make it easy to link to databases, generate HTTP headers, and so forth. As a scripting language, it contains a relatively simple set of basic components that allow the programmer to quickly get up to speed, though it does have more sophisticated object-oriented features. 

Some Differences:

PHP Logic:
PHP generates directly the HTML / JS / CSS used to compose the page and produce the end HTML page directly from the code or if you are smart enough using things like templates engines. You must know HTML at least to be able to develop PHP web sites.

C# Logic:
You compose your page out of "web components" which are aware of their state and can fire events like "button click". Once a event is fired, your C# logic (no HTML / JS here) will change the state of the page components or add new one on the fly. Components are then invoked by the framework to render themselves. You don't have to know anything to HTML to be able to code.

PHP software distribution
When you give away a soft written in PHP you normally give out your sources as nothing is compiled. To avoid that you must use some special software to encrypt your code, and those soft are not free nor really safe.

C# software distribution
As the logic is normally compiled you can safely distribute your software. Yet of course there is some softs to de-compile C# code, in case you want to be safe also against that, you can also use some obfuscation software (not really expensive).

PHP performances
PHP is an interpreted language. Sure you can use some accelerators but still it remains a slow interpreted language. For most web pages it is fine, but as soon as you want to produce images on the fly or yet do some more complex operations PHP will start to use a lot of CPU and time.

C# performances
Performances varies between Linux and Windows machines. On Linux the performances are still like 10x the one of a PHP equivalent, but not yet really fast. On windows C# is nearly as fast as pure C++ code.

Every language has it's own special syntax.


5) C is very efficient and powerful language. It is considered a low-level programming language with little to no loss in performance relative to assembly.  This made C the natural choice for building operating systems and low-level software on computers because it allowed for easier development at near-assembly performance. C is not object oriented language like C#. In C the programmer has to write much more code then in C#.
